So currently I serve as a chaplain and chaplains come in as a lieutenant
J. G because of their vast graduate school time that they've spent,
uh, there from there, it's a pretty typical path like it would be
for any other officer. You know, 4 to 6, you get one year as a G 4
to 6 years as lieutenant. That's about a 70% advancement rate to lieutenant
commander, another four or five years as lieutenant commander
and another 40 to 50% is a commander and then another 3 to 5 years
as a commander, Thio captain. And so the potential is there, Um, it
depends on the individual and the opportunities that they have taken
while they were in. But it's it's something that is it's a fair process.
I have seen it myself, a za recorder on the board and you get
excited and it seems like it's a good opportunity for individuals to
advance